Add health check info for web socket ports (#5224)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/setup/deployment-best-practices/basic-health-checks.md

``` java tab="Response"
<ns:getVersionResponse xmlns:ns="http://version.services.core.carbon.wso2.org"><return>WSO2 API Manager-2.6.0</return></ns:getVersionResponse>
```

!!! note

>     Basic health checks for web socket ports 9099 and 8099 are available as a product update in WSO2 API-M 3.2.0 from January 22, 2022 onwards. For example, use `curl -v http://<HOSTNAME>:9099` cURL command to check the health of port 9099. The response will be `200 OK` if the port is healthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Basic health checks for WebSocket ports 9099 and 8099 are available as a product update in WSO2 API-M 3.2.0 from January 22, 2022 onwards. For example, use the `curl -v http://<HOSTNAME>:9099` cURL command to check the health of port 9099. The response will be `200 OK` if the port is healthy.
```
